what is going on everybody here at
thunderstruck gaming my name is Brian or
you guys can call me mr. creations
whichever you prefer and today i will be
providing hopefully some good commentary
gameplay entertainment for you guys but
you guys know first I have to think
Thunder so much it's absolutely amazing
that you've allowed me on teach you so
many times Thunder I really do
appreciate a man I think you know that
and I do appreciate anyone who watches
this video you know leaves like or
dislike constructive criticism anything
like that i always do love uploading to
this communal because it gives me an
opportunity to grow my audience as well
as you know constructive criticism is a
huge thing God knows I'm not as good of
a commentator is thunder or a lot of
other people out there but I try my best
at it and you know any constructive
criticism is always welcome so go ahead
and Eve that in comments section down
below if you guys have any for me I
would appreciate that but anyways I want
to hop into my commentary topic for
today and I was initially I was sitting
here about 10 minutes ago and I was
gonna make a commentary about black ops
3 my lists wish or my list wish I can't
even talk right now or I was gonna talk
about would the game be any good you
know would we enjoy it as people trying
to buy the game and the previous Call of
Duty's I was like you know that's not
that original a lot of people talked
about that it's like beating a dead
horse why not try and talk about
something more original and this is kind
of gonna be a commentary topic about
something that's been in the back of my
head for a really long time now ever
since the next generation consoles ps4
and xbox one was announced and that is
whether video games are going to start
costing more money now obviously as the
economy improves as we slowly get out of
the recession and people start making
more money things like that if people
also start making fifteen dollars an
hour on minimum wage if things like
these start to happen products are just
gonna start costing more money that's
just the fact that's how the economy
works and that's how the whole world
work so my question is well not really
question but video games are gonna start
costing more money the question is when
and the question is how much are they
gonna cost now this is anyone's guess no
one really knows unless you really fall
all the stock markets and you work for
companies like Microsoft and Sony but
I'm really just wondering how much they
can honestly get away with charging for
a video game because for myself
personally I play video games a lot I
play a lot of Destiny I have like 800
hours on that game I have like 30 days
on black ops 1 I play a lot of video
games and the reason for that being is
when i'm done with scored for the day
and dumb with going to work and the gym
I just kind of want to come home I want
to relax I want to sit in my recliner
chair do whatever and play some video
games and talk to friends that's usually
what I do at the end of the day and a
lot of people some of my friends even
family members they think I'm absolutely
crazy for spending sixty dollars on a
disc that a lot of people think should
be two hours like a DVD or even fifteen
dollars like a CD who buys those anyways
but you know nonetheless so a lot of
people think I'm crazy for spending six
dollars on a game but when I think about
it there's not very many things in life
if any at all that have given me so much
entertainment for so cheap for example
let's say black ops 1 when I bought that
game in 2010 it was my first call of
duty it was sixty dollars and for the
time being when I was 15 years old that
was a lot of money I didn't have a job
done that was either you know money got
from relatives for Christmas or birthday
money and it was a lot of money for me
then but I figured you know why not fork
it over sixty dollars i really wanted
this game screw it i'm gonna go for it
and i ended up spending 30 days of my
time on that game in the past four years
now and I can't think of anything else I
could have spent sixty dollars on that
would have given me 30 days of
entertainment I mean literally anything
if you buy a good movie let's say DVD
guardians of the galaxy for example I
really enjoyed that film its twenty
twenty-five dollars but I'd only watch
that like four or five times a year
maybe if that you know it's not going to
give me the quality entertainment that
I'm really thriving and looking for in
video games as well as if you're playing
campaign tins in video games you're
following the character and you have
some say in how the story line goes and
it's more immersive in my opinion at
least so that's also i do enjoy video
games more than dvds but going back to
the costliness of video games
can Microsoft and Sony I guess is what
I'm trying to get to can they get me to
buy an ad or video game a couple years
from now or even a hundred dollar video
game and the answer is probably gonna be
yes a lot of people you know they're
gonna slowly move it up i'm sure ten
dollars every five years or something
and eventually i'm probably gonna start
paying a hundred dollars for video games
like a lot of other people will but i
don't really have a problem with it
reason being a lot of people are gonna
be making more money when the economy
moves up obviously like i said as well
as again hundred dollars even for eight
hundred hours of entertainment is just
absolutely nothing compared to spending
twenty bucks going to the movie was with
someone else and that's a one-time to
our event you know i just i can't
justify going to the movie theater
spending twenty bucks on DVD when i'd
rather spend triple that and have
immense amounts of more time of
entertainment but that's just my opinion
i thought would be a cool commentary
topic to talk about hopefully guys did
enjoy it again leave any constructive
criticism for me in the comment section
down below how I did what I didn't do
right I'm anything like that I
appreciate so much if you guys did enjoy
the commentary in the gameplay remember
to check out my channel down below first
link in description i would appreciate
so much thank you thunder again so much
man really do appreciate hopefully you
guys did enjoy the video and i will see
you guys here again very soon peace out
guys
I